I'm hearing an English suburban garden
waiting for some animals that can
drastically change our lives slugs
you
now slugs are many people's favorite
animals the invaded garden devastate
your vegetables and all they leave is
that slimy trail but believe it or not
scientists are now trying to decipher
this stickiness it may be due to us but
scientists now realize that slug slime
holds important messages
it tells other slugs details about the
owners sexual state where it's been and
where it's going vital information in
the world of garden politics incredibly
working out how slime molecules store
and pass on data may one day lead to a
brand new generation of supercomputers
computers with memories carrying the
data of a million CD ROMs all in the
space of a coin dwell on that the next
time you reach for the slug pellets